batch_worker_cuda.md, before:

Applying this manifest will start Ubuntu Linux 22.04 LTS (Jammy Jellyfish) - running the OpenSSH server and a batch worker daemon (GridWorker), which will pull jobs from the list of batch servers configured in the 'Peers' text field below. The list of batch servers must be of the form: host_name1:ip1,hostname2:ip2,.... For fully qualified hostnames, the IP address may be left out. By default, this field will contain any `batch_server` pod(s) you may be running, or 'batch' if you're not running any. The unqualified name 'batch' points to the same pod as batch.sciencedata.dk, but via the internal network.

This pod has CUDA enabled with 4 accessible GPUs.

By providing a public SSH key you can access your container via SSH.

The image will pull your X.509 key and certificate from ScienceData. For this to work, you _must_ tick off `Allow internal HTTP access from your own pods` and click `Generate new personal X.509 certificate` in your [ScienceData settings/preferences](https://sciencedata.dk/index.php/settings/personal#panel-userapps).

The image is pulled from our Docker registry. Build recipes are available on [GitHub](https://github.com/deic-dk/sciencedata_images).

Commit message:

The Docker image sets CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES to a random integer 0-9.

batch_worker_cuda.md, after:

Applying this manifest will start Ubuntu Linux 22.04 LTS (Jammy Jellyfish) - running the OpenSSH server and a batch worker daemon (GridWorker), which will pull jobs from the list of batch servers configured in the 'Peers' text field below. The list of batch servers must be of the form: host_name1:ip1,hostname2:ip2,.... For fully qualified hostnames, the IP address may be left out. By default, this field will contain any `batch_server` pod(s) you may be running, or 'batch' if you're not running any. The unqualified name 'batch' points to the same pod as batch.sciencedata.dk, but via the internal network.

This pod has CUDA enabled with 1 accessible GPU. It also has a GPU-enabled version of `ffmpeg` installed.

By providing a public SSH key you can access your container via SSH.

The pod will pull your X.509 key and certificate from ScienceData. For this to work, you _must_ tick off `Allow internal HTTP access from your own pods` and click `Generate new personal X.509 certificate` in your [ScienceData settings/preferences](https://sciencedata.dk/index.php/settings/personal#panel-userapps).

The image is pulled from our Docker registry. Build recipes are available on [GitHub](https://github.com/deic-dk/sciencedata_images).
